hey this is slicks warm-up routine 18
shot sighs my name is slick foolish
orphan the world famous Harlem
Globetrotters this is my warm-up routine
that I use each and every single day
when I step on the hardwood my first
warm-up is I just take it around my
waist around my knees and around my
ankles getting familiar to basketball
getting it on pay basketball then the
second one is once I get familiar with
the basketball I start off with my
crossover nice and low back and forth as
fast as possible between my knees you
want to pass it back and forth with your
fingertips and not your palms okay so
wanna go back and forth with your
fingertips three is I like to go between
my legs
dribbling gets my rhythm going so I
spread my legs and I go back and forth
as quick as possible
finding my rhythm here we go four I like
to go again between the legs like this
it's like I'm dancing
number five goes a little something like
this after I'm all warmed up I take the
best mug like this I wrap it around like
that behind the bat snap it back like
this again between my legs I bounce it
and I'm ready to play now if you guys
want more Harlem Globetrotters videos
click on this link right here make sure
you guys subscribe to Harlem
Globetrotters and make sure you guys
subscribe to shot science so next time
[Music]